Fix: `allow3D` flag works (#519)
xcube-dev/xcube-viewer: CHANGES.md

* Fixed application crash caused by metadata attributes that are (JSON) 
  objects. Now attributes values of any type are rendered.

> * `allow3D` in the viewer config now hides the `Volume` tab in the side panel
>    when set to `false`. Default is `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Parameter `allow3D` in the viewer branding configuration now hides the  
  `Volume` tab in the side panel when set to `false`. Default is `true`.

```
